# Markdown to HTML

This directory will demonstrate taking a standard Markdown file and turing it into an HTML document. This will be our brief introduction to the Pandoc tool before we begin creating PDF's using Pandoc and a LaTeX engine.

## SOURCE.md
This is the *default* location of the file that will be *sourced* from running either `compile.sh` or the `build-helper` script. 

This source file will contain *only* standard Markdown syntax. It will have sections, headers, **bolded** and *italic* text, links, as well as embedded images. The goal is to generate a simple HTML file from this Markdown file that can be easily viewed in a web browser. 

The last couple sections of this file contain LaTeX Math environments. Depending on how we generate the HTML document, this may or may not render properly. 

## OUTPUT.html

This is the *default* location of the file that will be produced from running either `compile.sh` or the `build-helper.sh` script. 

This is the file that will be opened in a web-browser (in my case, `firefox`), and will be generated by Pandoc from `SOURCE.md`. 

## `compile.sh`
A shell script that details select commands pertaining to converting Markdown to HTML with Pandoc. Comment and uncomment select lines to modify which Pandoc command the compile script will run. *Note, you will only want one command uncommented at a time, otherwise earlier commands work will be overwritten.* 

## Other Notes On Directory Structure

### `img/` Directory
This directory contains an image that the Markdown file links to. There really is nothing more to it than that. 

### `style/` Directory
This directory contains a singular `style.css` file. This contains a sample CSS file for Pandoc to source with the `-css=path/to/CSSfile` option. *This file is not seen by Pandoc with the `-s` option alone. Pandoc has it's own default style sheet to use in that instance.*

### README.md
This file you're reading! :D


